Mom can hurt
You have to call the shots for me.
Don't worry, I will definitely do it for you.
There's this problem.
Mr. Gao is not good
Auntie wants to cancel the cooperation with us.
What!
It's that trash again looking for someone to pretend to be the Shen family
Offended the Shen family
Auntie don't worry
My family is similar to the Shen family
Just tonight
Master Shen wants to entertain an adult
At that time
I'll take you to make it clear to Lord Shen
It seems that we don't need to do it.
Naturally someone will face
The Shen family actually hosted a dinner party in the Tiansong Pavilion
This is the place to entertain the royal family
This banquet is for the Shen family to reward
A big man is ready
Only those with billions of dollars can enter
We have to be Ke Shao to be honored
We always want to marry
Must marry
Big shot like you
Can let the Shen family arrange such a big pomp
I don't know how powerful it is
Xu Wenjie, you are so haunted
This is the Shen family's answer
A banquet hosted by Xie Dacheng
How did you stinky fish and rotten shrimp get in?
Because this party is for me